---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zoom_phone_users Data Source - zoom"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A list of all of an account's users who are assigned a Zoom Phone license.
  API Permissions
  The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
  This resource requires the phone:read:list_users:admin.
---

# zoom_phone_users (Data Source)

A list of all of an account's users who are assigned a Zoom Phone license.

## API Permissions
The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
This resource requires the `phone:read:list_users:admin`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "zoom_phone_users" "example" {
  query = {
    status = "activate"
  }
}

output "users" {
  value = data.zoom_phone_users.example.users
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `query` (Attributes) The query parameters for listing users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--query))

### Read-Only

- `users` (Attributes Set) A list of users. Each user object provides the attributes documented below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query`

Optional:

- `calling_type` (Number) The [type](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/other-references/plans#zoom-phone-calling-plans) of calling plan.
- `cost_center` (String) The cost center where the user belongs.
- `department` (String) The department where the user belongs.
- `keyword` (String) The partial string of user's name, extension number, or phone number.
- `site_id` (String) The unique identifier of the site. Get it from the [List Phone Sites](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/phone/methods#operation/listPhoneSites) API.
- `status` (String) The status of the Zoom Phone user.
  - pending: The users have been assigned the Zoom Workplace license, but not been assigned Zoom Phone feature.
  - Allowed: activate ┃ deactivate ┃ pending


<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `calling_plans` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--calling_plans))
- `cost_center` (String) The cost center where the user belongs.
- `department` (String) The department where the user belongs.
- `email` (String) The email address of the user.
- `extension_id` (String) The extension ID.
- `extension_number` (Number) The extension number assigned to the user's Zoom phone number.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `phone_numbers` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--phone_numbers))
- `phone_user_id` (String) The ID of the Phone user.
- `site_id` (String) The unique identifier of the [site](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360020809672z) where the user should be moved or assigned.
- `status` (String) The status of the user's Zoom Phone license. The value can be either of the following:
  - activate: Active Zoom phone user.
  - deactivate: User with Zoom phone license disabled. This type of user can't make or receive calls.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the Zoom user.

<a id="nestedatt--users--calling_plans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.calling_plans`

Read-Only:

- `billing_account_id` (String) The billing account ID. It displays when the user is located in India.
- `billing_account_name` (String) The billing account name. It displays when the user is located in India.
- `name` (String) The name of the user's calling plan.
- `type` (Number) The type of calling plan where the user is enrolled.


<a id="nestedatt--users--phone_numbers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.phone_numbers`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The phone number ID.
- `number` (String) The phone number.
