---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zoom_user_users Data Source - zoom"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets basic information for multiple Zoom users.
  API Permissions
  The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
  This resource requires the user:read:list_users:admin.
---

# zoom_user_users (Data Source)

Gets basic information for multiple Zoom users.

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
This resource requires the `user:read:list_users:admin`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "zoom_user_users" "example" {
  status = "active"
}

output "users" {
  value = data.zoom_user_users.example.users
  // Thee host_key attribute is sensitive, so it is marked as such to root output
  sensitive = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `include_fields` (String) This parameter displays one of the following attributes in the API call's response. Allowed: `custom_attributes`, `host_key`
				- `custom_attributes`: Return the user's custom attributes.
- `host_key`: Return the user's [host key](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205172555-Using-your-host-key).
- `license` (String) The user's license. Filter the response by a specific license. Allowed: `zoom_workforce_management`, `zoom_compliance_management`
- `role_id` (String) The role's unique ID. Use this parameter to filter the response by a specific role. You can use the [List roles API](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/reference/account/methods/#operation/roles) to get a role's unique ID value.
- `status` (String) The user's status. Default value is `active`. Allowed: `active`, `inactive`, `pending`
				- `active`: The user exists on the account.
- `inactive`: The user has been deactivated.
- `pending`: The user exists on the account, but has not activated their account. See [Managing users](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201363183) for details.

### Read-Only

- `users` (Attributes Set) A list of users. Each user object provides the attributes documented below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Optional:

- `custom_attributes` (Attributes Set) The information about the user's custom attributes. This field is only returned if users are assigned custom attributes and you provided the `custom_attributes` value for the `include_fields` parameter in the API request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--custom_attributes))
- `dept` (String) The user's department.
- `display_name` (String) The user's display name.
- `employee_unique_id` (String) The employee's unique ID. The this field only returns when SAML single sign-on (SSO) is enabled or the `login_type` value is `101` (SSO).
- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `group_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of groups where the user is a member.
- `host_key` (String, Sensitive) The user's [host key](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/205172555-Using-your-host-key). This field is only returned if users are assigned a host key and you provided the host_key value for the include_fields query parameter in the API request.
- `id` (String) The user's ID. The API does not return this value for users with the `pending` status.
- `im_group_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of IM directory groups where the user is a member.
- `last_client_version` (String) The last client version that user used to log in.
- `last_login_time` (String) The user's last login time. This field has a three-day buffer period.
- `last_name` (String) The user's last name.
- `plan_united_type` (String) This field is returned if the user is enrolled in the [Zoom United](https://zoom.us/pricing/zoom-bundles) plan. Allowed: `1`, `2`, `4`, `8`, `16`, `32`, `64`, `128`, `256`, `512`, `1024`, `2048`, `4096`, `8192`, `16384`, `32768`, `65536`, `131072`
							- `1`:  Zoom United Pro-United with US/CA Unlimited.
- `2`:  Zoom United Pro-United with UK/IR Unlimited.
- `4`:  Zoom United Pro-United with AU/NZ Unlimited.
- `8`:  Zoom United Pro-United with Global Select.
- `16`: Zoom United Pro-United with Zoom Phone Pro.
- `32`: Zoom United Biz-United with US/CA Unlimited.
- `64`: Zoom United Biz-United with UK/IR Unlimited.
- `128`: Zoom United Biz-United with AU/NZ Unlimited.
- `256`: Zoom United Biz-United with Global Select.
- `512`: Zoom United Biz-United with Zoom Phone Pro.
- `1024`: Zoom United Ent-United with US/CA Unlimited.
- `2048`: Zoom United Ent-United with UK/IR Unlimited.
- `4096`: Zoom United Ent-United with AU/NZ Unlimited.
- `8192`: Zoom United Ent-United with Global Select.
- `16384`: Zoom United Ent-United with Zoom Phone Pro.
- `32768`: Zoom United Pro-United with JP Unlimited.
- `65536`: Zoom United Biz-United with JP Unlimited.
- `131072`: Zoom United Ent-United with JP Unlimited.
- `pmi` (Number) The user's [personal meeting ID (PMI)](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/using-zoom-apis/#understanding-personal-meeting-id-pmi).
- `role_id` (String) The unique ID of the user's assigned [role](https://developers.zoom.us/docs/api/rest/reference/account/methods/#operation/roles).
- `status` (String) The user's status. Allowed: `active`, `inactive`, `pending`
							- `active`: An active user.
- `inactive`: A deactivated user.
- `pending`: A pending user.
- `timezone` (String) The user's timezone.
- `user_created_at` (String) The date and time when this user was created.
- `verified` (Number) Whether the user's email address for the Zoom account is verified. Allowed: `0`, `1`
							- `0`: The user's email not verified.
- `1`: A verified user email.

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The user's email address.
- `type` (Number) The user's assigned plan type. Allowed: `1`, `2`, `4`, `99`
							- `1`: Basic.
- `2`: Licensed.
- `4`: Unassigned without Meetings Basic.
- `99`: None (this can only be set with `ssoCreate`).

<a id="nestedatt--users--custom_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.custom_attributes`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The custom attribute's name.
- `value` (String) The custom attribute's value.

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The custom attribute's unique ID.
