---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with own template
page_title: "zoom_phone_emergency_address Resource - zoom"
subcategory: "Phone"
description: |-
  Manages a emergency address within Zoom Phone.
  API Permissions
  The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
  This resource requires the phone:read:emergency_address:admin, phone:write:emergency_address:admin, phone:update:emergency_address:admin, phone:delete:emergency_address:admin.
---

# zoom_phone_emergency_address (Resource)

Manages a emergency address within Zoom Phone.

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
This resource requires the `phone:read:emergency_address:admin`, `phone:write:emergency_address:admin`, `phone:update:emergency_address:admin`, `phone:delete:emergency_address:admin`.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address_line1` (String) The emergency address line 1.
- `city` (String) The emergency address city.
- `country` (String) The two-lettered country code (Alpha-2 code in ISO-3166 format) of the emergency address.
- `state_code` (String) The emergency address state code.
- `zip` (String) The emergency address zip code.

### Optional

- `address_line2` (String) The emergency address line 2.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether the emergency address is default or not.
- `site_id` (String) The unique identifier of the site to which this emergency address belongs. Exactly one of `site_id` or `user_id` must be specified.
- `user_id` (String) User ID to which the personal emergency address belongs. Exactly one of `site_id` or `user_id` must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The emergency address ID.
- `level` (Number) The emergency address owner level.
  - `0`: Account/Company-level emergency address.
  - `1`: User/Personal-level emergency address.
  - `2`: Unknown company/pending emergency address.
- `status` (Number) The emergency address verification status.
  - `1`: Verification not required.
  - `2`: Unverified.
  - `3`: Verification requested.
  - `4`: Verified.
  - `5`: Rejected.
  - `6`: Verification failed.


