---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with own template
page_title: "zoom_phone_site Resource - zoom"
subcategory: "Phone"
description: |-
  Manages a site within Zoom Phone.
  API Permissions
  The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
  This resource requires the phone:read:site:admin, phone:write:site:admin, phone:update:site:admin, phone:delete:site:admin, phone:read:list_sites:admin, phone:read:list_emergency_addresses:admin.
---

# zoom_phone_site (Resource)

Manages a site within Zoom Phone.

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
This resource requires the `phone:read:site:admin`, `phone:write:site:admin`, `phone:update:site:admin`, `phone:delete:site:admin`, `phone:read:list_sites:admin`, `phone:read:list_emergency_addresses:admin`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zoom_phone_site" "example" {
  name = "example-site"

  main_auto_receptionist = {
    name = "example-auto-receptionist"
  }

  default_emergency_address = {
    address_line1 = "123 Main St"
    address_line2 = "Suite 100"
    city          = "San Jose"
    country       = "US"
    state_code    = "CA"
    zip           = "95131"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_emergency_address` (Attributes) The default [emergency address](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360021062871-Setting-an-Emergency-Address) at creation time. If the address provided is not an exact match, it uses the system generated corrected address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_emergency_address))
- `main_auto_receptionist` (Attributes) The [main auto receptionist](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360021121312#h_bc7ff1d5-0e6c-40cd-b889-62010cb98c57) for each site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--main_auto_receptionist))
- `name` (String) The name of the site. Constraints: Max 255 chars.

### Optional

- `caller_id_name` (String) When an outbound call uses a number as the caller ID, the caller ID name and the number display to the called party. The caller ID name can be up to 15 characters. The user can reset the caller ID name by setting it to empty string.
- `india_city` (String) The India site's city. This field only applies to India based accounts.
- `india_entity_name` (String) When select the Indian sip zone, then need to set the entity name. This field only applies to India based accounts.
- `india_sdca_npa` (String) The India site's Short Distance Calling Area (sdca) Numbering Plan Area (npa). This field is linked to the 'state_code' field. This field only applies to India based accounts.
- `india_state_code` (String) The India site's state code. This field only applies to India based accounts.
- `short_extension` (Attributes) The short extension of the phone site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--short_extension))
- `sip_zone_id` (String) The SIP zone ID. If the account enabled the Display Custom SIP Zone Options on Web Portal feature, then selecting a SIP zone nearest to your site might help reduce latency and improve call quality.
- `site_code` (Number) The [site code](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0069806).
- `source_auto_receptionist_id` (String) The ID of the [auto-receptionist](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0061421) that can be copied when only creating as main auto-receptionist.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The site ID is the unique identifier of the site.
- `level` (String) The level of the site.

<a id="nestedatt--default_emergency_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_emergency_address`

Required:

- `address_line1` (String) The address Line 1 of the emergency address that contains the house number and street name.
- `city` (String) The city of the emergency address.
- `country` (String) The two-lettered country code (Alpha-2 code in ISO-3166 format) of the site's emergency address.
- `state_code` (String) The state code of the emergency address.
- `zip` (String) The ZIP code of the emergency address.

Optional:

- `address_line2` (String) The address Line 2 of the emergency address that contains the building number, floor number, unit, and others.


<a id="nestedatt--main_auto_receptionist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `main_auto_receptionist`

Required:

- `name` (String) Display name of the [auto-receptionist](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0061421) as main auto-receptionist for the site.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The auto receptionist ID.


<a id="nestedatt--short_extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `short_extension`

Optional:

- `length` (Number) This setting specifies the length of short extension numbers for the site. The value must be between 1 and 6., Default is `3`.
- `ranges` (Attributes Set) The range list. After adding a short extension range, the newly assigned extension numbers start from the `range_from` value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--short_extension--ranges))

<a id="nestedatt--short_extension--ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `short_extension.ranges`

Optional:

- `range_from` (String) The short extension's starting range number, which can be a non-negative value. This value must be less than the `range_to` value.
- `range_to` (String) The short extension's ending range number, which can be a non-negative value. This value cannot be less than or equal to the `range_from` value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# ${site_id}
terraform import zoom_phone_site.example CAUYYsOXRH-xp4hd3cd5A
```
