---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with own template
page_title: "zoom_phone_auto_receptionist_ivr Resource - zoom"
subcategory: "Phone"
description: |-
  interactive voice response (IVR) system https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360038601971 of the specified auto receptionist.
  API Permissions
  The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
  This resource requires the phone:read:auto_receptionist_ivr:admin, phone:update:auto_receptionist_ivr:admin.
---

# zoom_phone_auto_receptionist_ivr (Resource)

[interactive voice response (IVR) system](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360038601971) of the specified auto receptionist.

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
This resource requires the `phone:read:auto_receptionist_ivr:admin`, `phone:update:auto_receptionist_ivr:admin`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "zoom_phone_auto_receptionist" "primary" {
  id = "I-fiz4v1TFC4FWfzXA0XXX"
}

resource "zoom_phone_auto_receptionist" "example" {
  name = "terraform-example"
}

resource "zoom_phone_auto_receptionist_ivr" "example" {
  auto_receptionist_id = zoom_phone_auto_receptionist.example.id
  hours_type           = "business_hours"
  caller_enters_no_action = {
    audio_prompt_repeat = 1
    action              = 6 # Forward to the auto receptionist
    forward_to = {
      extension_id = data.zoom_phone_auto_receptionist.primary.extension_id
    }
  }
  key_actions = {
    "0" = {
      action = 100 # Leave voicemail to the current extension
      voicemail_greeting = {
        id = "" # empty string as using default audio
      }
    },
    "1" = {
      action = 6 # Forward to the auto receptionist
      target = {
        extension_id = zoom_phone_auto_receptionist.example.extension_id
      }
    },
    "*" = {
      action = "-1" # Disabled
    },
    "#" = {
      action = "21" # Repeat menu greeting
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auto_receptionist_id` (String) The unique identifier of the auto receptionist. It can be retrieved from the [List Phone Sites](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/phone/methods#operation/listPhoneSites) API.
- `key_actions` (Attributes Map) IVR routing options. The keys are supported: '0'-'9', * and #. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_actions))

### Optional

- `audio_prompt` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--audio_prompt))
- `caller_enters_no_action` (Attributes) The action if caller enters no action after the prompt played. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--caller_enters_no_action))
- `holiday_id` (String) The auto receptionist holiday hours ID. If both holiday_id and hours_type are passed, holiday_id has a high priority and hours_type is invalid.
- `hours_type` (String) The query hours type: business_hours or closed_hours, default business_hours.

<a id="nestedatt--key_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_actions`

Required:

- `action` (Number) The action after clicking the key.
  - For key 0-9
    - 100 Leave voicemail to the current extension
    - 200 Leave voicemail to the user
    - 300 Leave voicemail to the auto receptionist
    - 400 Leave voicemail to the call queue
    - 500 Leave voicemail to the shared line group
    - 2 Forward to the user
    - 3 Forward to Zoom Room
    - 4 Forward to the common area
    - 5 Forward to Cisco/Polycom Room
    - 6 Forward to the auto receptionist
    - 7 Forward to the call queue
    - 8 Forward to the shared line group
    - 9 Forward to external contacts
    - 10 Forward to a phone number
    - 15 Forward to the contact center
    - 16 Forward to the meeting service
    - 17 Forward to the meeting service number
    - -1 Disabled
  - For key * or #
    - 21 Repeat menu greeting
    - 22 Return to the root menu
    - 23 Return to the previous menu
    - -1 Disabled

Optional:

- `target` (Attributes) The route to an extension, phone number, or a contact center. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_actions--target))
- `voicemail_greeting` (Attributes) The voicemail greeting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_actions--voicemail_greeting))

<a id="nestedatt--key_actions--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_actions.target`

Optional:

- `extension_id` (String) The extension ID or contact center setting ID.
- `phone_number` (String) The phone number to forward.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name.
- `extension_number` (String) The extension number.
- `id` (String) The user, common area, Zoom Room, Cisco/Polycom room, auto receptionist, call queue, or shared line group ID.


<a id="nestedatt--key_actions--voicemail_greeting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_actions.voicemail_greeting`

Required:

- `id` (String) The voicemail greeting file ID. If the audio was removed from the user's audio library, it will be marked with a prefix, `removed_vWby3OZaQlS1nAdmEAqgwA` for example. You can still use this audio ID to get the audio information in [Get an audio item](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/phone/methods#tag/Audio-Library/operation/GetAudioItem) API.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The voicemail greeting file name.



<a id="nestedatt--audio_prompt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audio_prompt`

Required:

- `id` (String) The audio prompt file ID. If the audio was removed from the user's audio library, it will be marked with a prefix, removed_vWby3OZaQlS1nAdmEAqgwA for example. You can still use this audio ID to get the audio information in [Get an audio item](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/api-reference/phone/methods#tag/Audio-Library/operation/GetAudioItem) API.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The audio prompt file name.


<a id="nestedatt--caller_enters_no_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `caller_enters_no_action`

Required:

- `action` (Number) The action if caller enters no action after the prompt played.
  - -1 Disconnect the call
  - 2 Forward to the user
  - 4 Forward to the common area
  - 5 Forward to Cisco/Polycom Room
  - 6 Forward to the auto receptionist
  - 7 Forward to the call queue
  - 8 Forward to the shared line group
  - 15 Forward to the Contact Center
- `audio_prompt_repeat` (Number) The number of times to repeat the audio prompt.
  - Allowed: 1┃2┃3

Optional:

- `forward_to` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--caller_enters_no_action--forward_to))

<a id="nestedatt--caller_enters_no_action--forward_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `caller_enters_no_action.forward_to`

Required:

- `extension_id` (String) The extension ID or contact center setting ID.

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name.
- `extension_number` (String) The extension number.
- `id` (String) The user, common area, Zoom Room, Cisco/Polycom room, auto receptionist, call queue, or shared line group ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# ${auto_reception_id}
terraform import zoom_phone_auto_receptionist_ivr.example t6wyhAZRQXXX_Rv3jj3XXX
```
