---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with own template
page_title: "zoom_phone_blocked_list Resource - zoom"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Zoom account owner or a user with the admin privilege can block phone numbers for phone users in an account.
  Blocked numbers can be inbound (numbers will be blocked from calling in) and outbound (phone users in your account won't be able to dial those numbers).
  Blocked callers will hear a generic message stating that the person they are calling is not available.
  API Permissions
  The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
  This resource requires the phone:read:blocked_list:admin, phone:write:blocked_list:admin, phone:delete:blocked_list:admin.
---

# zoom_phone_blocked_list (Resource)

A Zoom account owner or a user with the admin privilege can block phone numbers for phone users in an account.
Blocked numbers can be inbound (numbers will be blocked from calling in) and outbound (phone users in your account won't be able to dial those numbers).
Blocked callers will hear a generic message stating that the person they are calling is not available.

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.
This resource requires the `phone:read:blocked_list:admin`, `phone:write:blocked_list:admin`, `phone:delete:blocked_list:admin`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "zoom_phone_blocked_list" "example" {
  block_type   = "inbound"
  match_type   = "phoneNumber"
  phone_number = "+1234567890"
  status       = "active"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `block_type` (String) Block type.
  - inbound: The blocked number or numbers with the specifie prefix are prevented from calling in to phone users.
  - outbound: The phone users  are prevented from calling the blocked number or numbers with the specified prefix.
- `match_type` (String) Indicates the match type for the blocked list. The values can be one of the following:
  - phoneNumber: Indicates that only a specific phone number that is shown in the phone_number field is blocked.
  - prefix: Indicates that all numbers starting with prefix that is shown in the phone_number field are blocked.
- `phone_number` (String) The phone number or the prefix number that is blocked based on the `match_type`. Displayed in E164 format.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Provide a comment to help you identify the blocked number or prefix. Constraints: Max 255 chars.
- `status` (String) Indicates whether the blocking is active or inactive.
  - active: The blocked list is active.
  - inactive: The blocked list is inactive.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the blocked list.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# ${blocked_list_id}
terraform import zoom_phone_blocked_list.example lSq8jyDORe6tmbaUkOVhXx
```
